Okay.
Hi!
Sure. Um, well, I work, I do accounting work, in the law firm. So.
Yeah, it's you know.
Hahahaha, it's i've been at this, um at this firm for. Man...
18 years.
One prior
It's, It's essentially my entire working career I've been at law firm.
And I've been, um,  doing, um, accounting work.
The thing that I do is more of the billing rates.
That work is part of what we call a pricing department.
Um. I used to do other facets of accounting for many, many years.
Um. I've graduated for this. Hehehe.  This works. So.
It's an international law firm, so they actually do span a large
Um, It's you know different Industries, so.
Um. Los Angeles office we have litigation where environmental
Law It's all corporate. There's corporate...
There there is labor and employment. Um.
And those are the main forces in our L.A. office right now.
San Francisco office that does, um, a little more of the environmental.
work, um, but then our
firm is actually based out of Richmond, Virginia.
So yes, and it's been around for...
Over 100 years, so  they they're one of the longest established.
At least, um, at least  in that region.
Everyone, um,  knows the firm. But.
Out in LA,  it's it's really, you know, you've got so many law firms out there.
Hohoho It's not as well known, um, but yeah.
It's it's interesting. You meet a whole slew of people.
It's interesting work, but uh hm.
Yes, you know the interesting thing is we used to have different tiers.
Based on the region where you worked, your billing rates would be...
higher so of course like New York commands the highest rates.
Um. LA, Washington DC,  um, you  know San Francisco.
Those were like the second tier and then.
Or and we also have a small office in Boston, so that would be second tier.
And then third chair would be our Richmond, Virginia office. We had a Miami office.
and other offices that are in not,  as in here.
Huge metropolitan areas, although they're large, you know.
So, but over the years and this.
One of the things that changed with the pandemic, once COVID hit.
It all of a sudden didn't matter as much where that attorney was working.
Lots of people were moving around, different states, different...
You know, um, working remotely.
So, um, what started to be of more value is really,
the practice area that you work in.
Maybe litigation attorneys might command higher rates than, um, a labor and employment attorney.
Um. So we started to change things out.
and we moved everyone into one chair. It took, you know, a few years to do that.
Yeah, because our chair.
three fronts we're not gonna you know automatically say hey we're just gonna jump
you know, raise our rates 25%, 30% just to get.
try to compete with tier one, you know, so, um,  it took some time to do it and we're still like
um, fashioning it out.
That's really the way that the firms are going.
And, um, so in a way, it's it's interesting by practice.
It was different and there's different.
We have a lot of clients
in a lot of different offices.
There are certain hubs. We have a, um,  North Carolina.
Um. Office. Charlotte is doing some financial hub out there.
So the banks, right, there they have Bank of America, there's you know...
Um, was *** , one on ***  california
They do have hubs and they've got, um.
We have a big data privacy, you know  that's a huge thing.
corporate protection with the data, so that's...
Another center.
You know, so it's a national thing and we do have...
Yeah, I'm not exactly sure if it's concentrated anywhere.
To be honest.